♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR]
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a series
of fierce battles,
the Straw Hat Pirates
have reached the waters
of the New World, ruled by
the Four Emperors.
Their first stop is
the island of Punk Hazard,
where they face off against the
mad scientist, Caesar Clown.
When he unleashes a
terrifying weapon known as
"Land of the Dead,"
the Straw Hats barely survive.
Following the advice
of their ally, Trafalgar Law,
the crew fights their
way through Caesar's lab,
hoping to escape
through the only place
safe from Land of the Dead.
In the midst of the chaos,
Luffy makes his way
to Caesar himself,
hoping to capture him,
despite his defeat during
their last encounter.
Keep your advice!
I'll do whatever I wanna do!
You really are a glutton
for pain, aren't you?
Karakuni!
[gasps]
Ah, crap, I'm choking again!
Get ready for Gum-Gum...
I'm not giving
you the chance!
[LUFFY]
...Jet Pistol!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
So fast!
[LUFFY grunts]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Breathe in the Blue Sword!
[LUFFY grunts]
[laughs]
[LUFFY]
This is it!
Gum-Gum... Jet Gatling!
[LUFFY gasps]
Is that a wall? What the hell?
[MONET]
Igloo.
[LUFFY gasps]
I'm impressed. There aren't
too many people alive
that could actually
break through this wall.
[CAESAR CLOWN gasps]
[MONET chuckles]
[LUFFY]
You got Devil Fruit powers?
[CAESAR CLOWN grunts] Dammit!
You dumb, rubber bastard!
So what, you're just gonna run?
Do your worst, Straw Hat.
I've got bigger fish to fry.
But I'll keep you in my
thoughts when I use your crew
as test subjects
for my experiment.
Enjoy your demise!
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
[LUFFY gasps]
Hang on!
Sorry, but you can't
go after him.
I won't let the Master suffer
any further misfortune.
Joker would kill me
if I allowed that. Mm-hm.
[LUFFY]
"A Mastermind Underground!
Doflamingo Makes His Move!"
[LAW] Now, it's time to
unleash hell on the New World.
[LAW]
Hm!
[alarm buzzing]
[SUBORDINATE A]
This is Building D.
We have an emergency
announcement for all sectors
in the third laboratory.
The traitor, Trafalgar Law,
is on the loose.
[SANJI]
Hey, stay with me!
[SUBORDINATE A] ...just entered
the SAD manufacturing room!
I repeat, the traitor,
Trafalgar Law,
has just entered...
Whoa, hold on,
don't close it yet! Wait!
He's right, that Fake Vergo
guy and Black Leg
haven't made it out yet!
[MARINE B]
It's too late!
The poison gas is about
to be all over the place!
There's nowhere to run!
They're dead!
[MARINE A]
Black Leg, no!
This isn't fair!
There's nothing we can do!
[gasps]
[SANJI]
Hey!
Everyone made it!
You're looking good!
[MARINE I]
It's him!
Especially you, sweetie!
You survived, after all!
[MARINE B laughs]
You really scared us, pal!
Keep on kickin' ass,
Black Leg!
You're awesome!
I don't care about you! Gross!
I don't need a bunch of ugly
dudes singing my praise.
Ladies only!
[SANJI gasps]
Hey, you okay? We can give you
some first aid if you got hurt.
Shut up!
Unless you can get me a
kiss from your captain,
then I don't care!
[SANJI] I got lucky.
That guy coulda destroyed me.
[SANJI grunts]
Who was that bastard, anyway?
Some commander of
yours or something?
What? Not a chance!
Yeah, that was just someone
pretending to be
the Vice Admiral!
He's a good guy!
You tell 'em what's up, Captain!
[TASHIGI exhales]
In fact, they're some of the
most loyal men you'll ever meet.
No. It can't be him.
Vice Admiral Vergo.
He thinks of the G-5
as a sort of family.
He'd never do
something like that.
Yeah! I dunno what the hell
that other dude's deal is,
but he's no Vergo, no way!
Yeah, that's right!
[MARINE H]
Huh?
Huh. Well, I've never
met the guy myself,
so I couldn't tell
you either way.
I just know that he turned
pale and ran off somewhere.
At any rate, we should
get moving soon.
We're going to save those
children and get everyone
out of this place!
--[MARINE B] Yeah!
--[MARINE E] All right!
Hey, whatever you say,
we're all on board!
[DOFLAMINGO]
Law's going after SAD?
He is.
With this development, there's
no doubt he's betrayed us.
[DOFLAMINGO]
I see.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[LADIES giggle]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Well. Can't say I'm shocked.
Ah. But that's some gratitude,
after I took him in!
I treated that punk like a
brother and this is what I get?
A pity, huh?
Indeed it is.
He made it to the
manufacturing room, you said?
[BABY 5 shouts]
Here's what I'd do
if I were him.
First off, I'd destroy
everything in sight.
[grunts, shouts]
[LADIES scream]
[BABY 5 pants]
[DOFLAMINGO] Then I'd
kidnap Caesar, I think.
Scratch that.
Maybe just kill him.
Bastard. How could you
do this to my love?
[DOFLAMINGO] Get him out
of the way and it's over.
He's the only one
who can make SAD.
[BABY 5 shouts]
[DOFLAMINGO] Or rather, he's the
only one who even knows how.
Frankly, if Law is able
to pull that off,
then we've got a
big problem, Vergo.
[BABY 5 grunts]
To be specific,
it's a problem for me,
because this is my business.
If it dries up,
people will be angry.
Hey Baby 5, what the hell
do you think you're doing?
You're lucky the young
master is so forgiving!
[BABY 5] I'm gonna kill him
with my own two hands.
You can't stop me, dammit!
This is the last straw!
[DOFLAMINGO] They say
misfortune never comes alone.
Uh-oh.
[DOFLAMINGO]
So my misfortune, heh...
...is gonna be his next.
Poor Law, that adorable
little scamp.
Young Master, whatever are
you going to do to him!
[LAO G]
You know darn well.
Law will get exactly what
he deserves. That traitor.
I know this will be
difficult for you, Vergo,
but I need you to
take care of Law.
Also, make it as cruel and
gruesome as you can manage.
I want him to suffer.
[BABY 5 yells]
[VERGO]
I won't hold back.
In fact, Doffy, I'll even take a
picture of his corpse for you.
How's that sound?
You remember my camera
I'm always using?
That should do.
[DOFLAMINGO] What the hell
are you talking about?
You don't have a camera.
Oh, right. Actually,
I don't think I've ever taken
a single photo in my life.
[shouts]
[VERGO] How about I bring
you an ear instead?
[DOFLAMINGO laughs]
I like that idea even better.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A]
Pudda, pudda, pudda, pudda.
Pudda, pudda,
pudda pudda, click.
Caesar. Monet. Can you hear me?
Joker! Why, hello.
Joker?
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
Oh, hello there!
You have to be careful with Law,
but Straw Hat's dangerous too.
He acts stupid, but I've seen
him use the Conqueror's Haki.
He might have more
potential than Law.
[MONET chuckles]
Wow. Look at you.
Huh?
That brat? He didn't make
much of an impression before.
[grunts]
Baby 5 here is armed to the
teeth and itching for a fight.
I'll send her along with Buffalo
to make certain
things go smoothly.
When this is all over,
come back to
Dressrosa immediately.
All right.
As you wish.
[laughs]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL B]
Cu-lick.
I don't know what you guys were
talking about, and I don't care.
I'm gonna catch Caesar,
right now!
[LUFFY gasps]
What the... It's snowing?
[LUFFY grunts]
You're not going anywhere.
[laughs]
[LUFFY] What?
You're making it snow? How?
With the power of the
Snow-Snow Fruit, of course.
The name is rather
self-explanatory. Ha!
[LUFFY grunts]
[MONET] Hm... Well?
How do you like my power?
Why would I be afraid of snow?
Sorry, but your power sucks!
[MONET laughs] I can be
quite creative, you'll see!
[LUFFY grunts, shouts]
[chuckles]
[yells]
[gasps]
[LUFFY]
Now, Gum-Gum... Pistol!
[LUFFY grunts]
Huh? Huh?
[grunts]
[laughs]
[LUFFY]
Now, Gum-Gum... Pistol!
[LUFFY grunts]
Huh? Huh?
[grunts]
[laughs]
[LUFFY grunts]
Okay, what's next?
I know the accommodations
aren't very comfortable,
but I need you stay put.
Heh. Now Gum-Gum...
[MONET]
Igloo.
[gasps, grunts]
[LUFFY]
Huh. This thing again?
Hmph.
All right, Second Gear!
You think this is gonna hold me?
[LUFFY]
Jet Gatling!
Huh? Where'd she go?
[grunts]
[wings flapping]
[yelps]
[laughs]
[grunts]
[CHILDREN shouting]
[MOCHA sobs]
Okay.
I get it. I promise I won't
let anyone eat the candy!
Then we can all go
home together, right?
You bet!
[KONBU]
Open the door, Mocha!
[shouting continues]
[MOCHA gasps]
[CHOPPER] They're gonna break
through here any second now.
You'd better get
away while you can.
Okay. I'm worried
about you, though!
I'll hold them in here
for as long as I can.
In the meantime, you go
to the Biscuit Room
and throw out all the candy!
[MOCHA]
Mm. I can try!
[CHOPPER grunts]
[MOCHA gasps]
[CHOPPER]
I'm counting on you, Mocha!
[MOCHA whimpers]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[roars]
This dragon looks like a runt,
but it's actually causing a lot
more damage than the big one.
I like his attitude.
Get off my back and fight it!
You gotta go stop that thing!
[DRAGON A roars]
[ROBIN] It's turned this
building into a sea of flames.
[USOPP gulps]
This is bad, isn't it?
Those tanks are on fire.
What happens if one
of them explodes?
Then they blow a
giant hole in the wall
and all the poison gas
from outside pours in.
I don't care how tough you are.
If that happens, every last
one of us is dead.
Well, okay then.
Anyone want to slay the dragon?
Look no further, my friend!
See. I have a score
to settle with dragonkind,
so my fury shall be unbridled!
By the might of this sword,
I do swear,
the beast shall be destroyed!
Not so fast!
That loathsome dragon has
done me a great wrong,
and I will reclaim
my honor in blood!
But you just met
the thing today.
[BROOK gasps]
True, and yet.
Did you not notice its cruelty?
[roars]
Huh?
[yelps]
[BROOK gasps]
[DRAGON A sniffs]
[BROOK]
Huh...? Huh?
He charged as if to consume me.
Um. Hello?
Hey!
Then he turned away, as if
I were some bag of bones!
That's accurate, but it
still hurts, you know!
Dragons need meat, I'd guess.
[BROOK growls]
I'll have you know that
bones contain nutrients too!
[USOPP]
Yeah, I'll keep that in mind.
Kin'emon, please.
I insist that you let me
vanquish this dreadful dragon!
I'll take your revenge!
You stand back and watch me!
I'll do it myself!
You shall not!
I shall too!
I shall sha--I mean...
[roars]
Come on. Come on! Nin, nin, nin!
Are you casting a spell?
It's what samurai do!
It's ninja, actually.
[DRAGON A roars]
[NAMI]
Here goes!
Thunder Trap!
[DRAGON A roars]
[gasps]
But that's cheating, Nami!
What a surprise!
Breast Band Girl, you're
proficient in ninja arts?
Don't call me that, you weirdo!
Get a whiff of the world's
smelliest flower!
Now, special attack!
Green Star: Rafflesia!
[DRAGON A roars]
What?
The long-nosed goblin commands
frightful sorcery as well?
What did you call me?
Now Cuarenta Fleurs!
Cuatro Mano!
And hold!
[roars]
Are you all powerful ninja?
[roaring]
[BROOK shouts]
He's going down!
I'll be the one to finish him!
[KIN'EMON]
You shall do no such thing!
[roars]
[gasps]
Here we go!
[KIN'EMON]
Follow my lead, Sir Corpse!
I will show you glory!
[roars]
[KIN'EMON]
Foxfire Style!
[roars]
Flame Split!
He cut fire again.
Splendid work.
But of course.
[yells]
[roars]
[BROOK grunts]
Now for my Gavotte Bon Avant!
And Flaming Flash!
[DRAGON A groans]
Uh! Did you just
call me a corpse?
Uh! Uh... well,
that's fair enough!
[laughs]
Heh! Nice going!
--[BROWNBEARD] Huh?
--Well, that's that.
So long, you green dummy!
[BROOK] C'mon say it!
Say that bones are delicious!
I'm waiting!
Puny dragon! Take that!
And another!
[KIN'EMON grunts]
[BROOK]
Uh...
[KIN'EMON]
Curse you! Curse you! Curse you!
[BROOK] Is there a history
between you and dragons,
Kin'emon?
Did one perhaps, eat your family
or something of the sort?
[growls]
Were that the case, my grudge
could be no greater!
[KIN'EMON pants]
I... think we should go.
[NAMI] Get your bony butt
back on Brownie's tail
or we'll leave you!
[BROOK yelps]
Please wait!
[NAMI] Hey! Just in time!
Look up there!
[USOPP]
H-Huh?
[BROWNBEARD]
Hm?
[CHILDREN shouting]
[CHOPPER growls]
That doesn't sound good!
[roars]
[CHOPPER growls]
He's in his monster form?
Fighting the kids?
[BOY B]
Take that!
I can't even guess
what's going on here.
All done.
[SUBORDINATE B] Hm? Hm...
Seems you're perfectly healthy.
You can go back to the
Biscuit Room now.
You mean it?
[SUBORDINATE B]
Of course. Get some candy.
[GINKO giggling]
Yay!
Oh, yeah. Where did that boy go?
He's not here anymore.
[SUBORDINATE B]
Huh? The boy?
[GINKO]
Mm.
I saw him go into the
Secret Room,
where we're not supposed to go.
And then something
weird happened
and he turned into a dragon.
Momonosuke. You know?
[NARRATOR]
The Bird-like woman, Monte,
who possesses the power
of the Snow-Snow fruit,
uses her ability to confine
Luffy within Multiple layers
of snow and drain
away his energy.
Meanwhile, Law is trapped
in a precarious situation
of his own.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Luffy Dies From Exposure?!
The Spine-Chilling
Snow Woman Monet!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!